# Case-Study-Macros-Graded-Assignment
Graded assignment SAS Macros This assignment will be on SAS Macros. The data sets needed for this assignment are available under this document. You will need to first review the files to figure out what data fields and types exist, and then write the appropriate code. 1) Write a macro to import different type of files. Let’s say we have files that are tab delimited text files as well as csv files. (“Sample.csv” and “Scores.txt”) (Hint: Define a macro variable for different delimiters.) 2) Convert the below SAS codes into macros. a) proc gchart data=HTWT; vbar gender/sumvar=weight; Title "Average weight by Gender";  run; b) proc plot data=HTWT; Title "Scatter plot"; plot &amp;height*&amp;weight;  run; (Hint: Define two different macros.) 3) a) Import HTWT data set to extract 10 observations starting from fifth observation using SAS macros. b) Write a macro to compare two numeric values. (Hint: a) Use proc print. b) Use %if %then %do statement.) 4) Let’s say you have "Revenue" information for different years from 2005 to 2009 with variable revenue. Write SAS macro which will apply means and univariate procedure on each year for revenue variable. (Hint: Define a macro variable to specify the procedure “name”.) 5) The data set "Macro definition.txt" has two SAS macros definition, import them and apply on HTWT data set. (Hint: Use %INCLUDE.) 6) Save the macros permanently defined so far and list all the macros. (Hint: Use options mstored sasmstore then run proc catalog.)
